NPM
  npm is a package manager for the JavaScript programming language. It is the default package manager for the JavaScript runtime 
environment Node.js. It consists of a command line client, also called npm, and an online database of public and paid-for private 
packages, called the npm registry. The registry is accessed via the client, and the available packages can be browsed and searched 
via the npm website. The package manager and the registry are managed by npm, Inc.

Most popular Packages:

1.Async: Async is a utility module which provides straight-forward, powerful functions for working with asynchronous JavaScript.
2.Express: Express is a fast, un-opinionated, minimalist web framework. It provides small, robust tooling for HTTP servers, making
 it a great solution for single page applications, web sites, hybrids, or public HTTP APIs.
3.Lodash: The lodash library exported as a node module. Lodash is a modern JavaScript utility library delivering modularity,
 performance, & extras.
4.Grunt: is a JavaScript Task Runner that facilitates creating new projects and makes performing repetitive but necessary tasks such
 as linting, unit testing, concatenating and minifying files (among other things) trivial.
5.Request: Request is Simplified HTTP request client make it possible to make http calls. It supports HTTPS and follows redirects 
by default.
6.Socket.io: Its a node.js realtime framework server.
7.Mongoose: It is a MongoDB object modeling tool designed to work in an asynchronous environment.
8.Gulp: is a streaming build system that helps you automate painful or time-consuming tasks in your development workflow.
9.Underscore: Underscore.js is a utility-belt library for JavaScript that provides support for the usual functional suspects
 (each, map, reduce, filter...) without extending any core JavaScript objects.
10.Hapi: is a streaming build system that helps you automate painful or time-consuming tasks in your development workflow.
11.Browserify: Browserify will recursively analyze all the require() calls in your app in order to build a bundle you can 
serve up to the browser in a single <script> tag.
12.Moment: A lightweight JavaScript date library for parsing, validating, manipulating, and formatting dates.
13.Bower: Bower is a package manager for the web. It works by fetching and installing packages from all over,
 taking care of hunting, finding, downloading, and saving the stuff you’re looking for.
14.Passport: A simple, unobtrusive authentication middleware for Node.js. Passport uses the strategies to authenticate requests. 
Strategies can range from verifying username and password credentials or authentication using OAuth or OpenID.
15.MongoDB: The official MongoDB driver for Node.js. It provides a high-level API on top of mongodb-core that is meant for end users.
16.Validator: A nodejs module for a library of string validators and sanitizers.
17.Nodemailer: This module enables e-mail sending from a Node.js applications.
18.Debug: Debug is a tiny node.js debugging utility modelled after node core's debugging technique.
19.Through: It enables simplified stream construction. It is easy way to create a stream that is both readable and writable.
20.Optimist: is a node.js library for option parsing with an argv hash.